documents constructor (#22013)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual_experimental.md

NimPrinter().printConstRef(message, val)

```

constructor pragma
==================

> Now `constructor` has two way of being used: in conjuntion with `importcpp` as described in the Wrapping Constructions section and a new way to declare constructors that works similar to `virtual`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `constructor` pragmas has two ways of being used: in conjunction with `importcpp` to import a C++ constructor and as a way to declare constructors that works similarly to `virtual`. 
```

> Consider,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider:
```

```nim

type Foo* = object
  x: int32

> proc makeFoo(x:int32): Foo {. constructor .} =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc makeFoo(x: int32): Foo {.constructor.} =
```

  this.x = x

```

> It will forward declare the constructor in the type definition. When the constructor has params, it will also generate a default constructor. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It forward declares the constructor in the type definition. When the constructor has parameters, it also generates a default constructor. 
```

> Notice, inside the body of the constructor one has access to `this` which is of the type `ptr Foo`. No `result` variable will be generated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice, inside the body of the constructor one has access to `this` which is of the type `ptr Foo`. No `result` variable is available.
```

> As `virtual`, `constructor` now also supports a syntax that allows to express Cpp constraints. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like `virtual`, `constructor` also supports a syntax that allows to express C++ constraints. 
```

> See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example:
```

```nim

{.emit:"""/*TYPESECTION*/
struct CppClass {
  int x;
  int y;
  CppClass(int inX, int inY) {
    this->x = inX;
    this->y = inY;
  }
  //CppClass() = default; 
};
""".}

type 
  CppClass* {.importcpp, inheritable.} = object
    x: int32
    y: int32
  NimClass* = object of CppClass

> proc makeNimClass(x:int32): NimClass {. constructor:"NimClass('1 #1) : CppClass(0, #1) ".} =

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc makeNimClass(x: int32): NimClass {.constructor:"NimClass('1 #1) : CppClass(0, #1)".} =
```

  this.x = x

> #optionally define the default constructor explicitally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Optional: define the default constructor explicitly
```

> proc makeCppClass(): NimClass {. constructor: "NimClass() : CppClass(0, 0) ".} = 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proc makeCppClass(): NimClass {.constructor: "NimClass() : CppClass(0, 0)".} = 
```
